Release note for MC Release 23.12 (#2893)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/releases/release-notes.md

## 2023

### December

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="New connectors" label="New connectors">

> - [**Linux SNMP v3**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-snmpv3.md)[EXPERIMENTAL] - Initial release of Linux SNMP v3. This experimental plugin contains a host template with native v3 custom macros. Once wee'll have gathered some feedback, we'll integrate this template in the [**Linux SNMP**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-snmp.md) connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Linux SNMP v3**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-snmpv3.md) [EXPERIMENTAL] - Initial release of Linux SNMP v3. This experimental plugin contains a host template with native v3 custom macros. Once wee'll have gathered some feedback, we'll integrate this template into the [**Linux SNMP**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-snmp.md) connector.
```

- [**Centreon Database**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-centreon-database.md) - Replace the old logo with the current one.
- [**Centreon MBI**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-centreon-mbi.md) - Replace the old logo with the current one.
- [**Centreon Map**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-centreon-map-jmx.md) - Replace the old logo with the current one.
- [**Centreon Map4**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-centreon-map4-jmx.md) - Replace the old logo with the current one.
- [**Centreon Poller**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-centreon-poller.md) - Replace the old logo with the current one.
- [**Centreon SQL Metrics**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-centreon-sql-metrics.md) - Replace the old logo with the current one.
- [**Centreon-HA**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-centreon-ha.md) - Replace the old logo with the current one.
- [**Gorgone Rest API**](../procedures/applications-gorgone-restapi.md) - Replace the old logo with the current one.
- [**Linux SNMP**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-snmp.md) - Added the `--check-overload` option in the `EXTRAOPTIONS` macro.

> - [**Linux SNMP**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-snmp.md) - The Uptime service now supports floating number in thresholds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Linux SNMP**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-snmp.md) - The Uptime service now supports floating numbers in thresholds.
```

- [**Windows SNMP**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-snmp.md) - Added the `--check-overload` option in the `EXTRAOPTIONS` macro.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Breaking changes" label="Breaking changes">

> - [**Alcatel Omniswitch**](../procedures/network-switchs-alcatel-omniswitch-snmp.md) - Traffic-Global service template is now replaced with Interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Alcatel Omniswitch**](../procedures/network-switchs-alcatel-omniswitch-snmp.md) - The Traffic-Global service template is now replaced by Interfaces.
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Fix" label="Fix">

- [**Citrix Acceleration**](../procedures/network-citrix-appacceleration-snmp.md) - Fixed incorrect carriage return in Service Discovery commands.

> - [**Stormshield API**](../procedures/network-stormshield-api.md) - Fixed a wrong option in the HA command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Stormshield API**](../procedures/network-stormshield-api.md) - Fixed an incorrect option in the HA command.
```

> - [**Synology**](../procedures/hardware-storage-synology-snmp.md) - Fixed the status when disks were failing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Synology**](../procedures/hardware-storage-synology-snmp.md) - Fixed an issue with the status that was returned when disks were failing.
```

> - [**UPS Standard**](../procedures/hardware-ups-standard-rfc1628-snmp.md) - Fixed the plugin's input-lines mode when all lines are at 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**UPS Standard**](../procedures/hardware-ups-standard-rfc1628-snmp.md) - Fixed the plugin's input-lines mode when all lines were at 0.
```
